docs: improve datadog integration docs (#4802)
Unleash/unleash: website/docs/reference/integrations/datadog.md

You can choose to trigger updates for the following events:

- feature-created

> - feature-updated (*)

Reviewer: Maybe we should keep this one in the docs while it's still present in the `datadog-definition`?

- feature-stale-off
- feature-environment-enabled
- feature-environment-disabled

> - feature-variants-updated

Reviewer: Possibly out of scope for this PR but I think we should use `feature-environment-variants-updated` instead: https://github.com/Unleash/unleash/pull/4801#discussion_r1332094112

Reviewer 2: How does it work today? **Does** this work? If we should use `feature-environment-variants-updated`, can we switch this line to that?

```suggestion
- feature-environment-variants-updated
```

Reviewer: I don't think it does anymore. My latest `feature-variants-updated` events from my local instance are from 2022 and they predate variants per environment. I suggest simply making the change, addressed in https://github.com/Unleash/unleash/pull/4802/commits/dbfeef1e23556408e9922e95f377f93a488c4f82

- feature-potentially-stale-on

> ### Parameters {#parameters}

Reviewer: I wonder about this change - Was it on purpose?

Author: Yeah it was to differentiate the header from the emboldened parameter headers - they looked the same. Might be improved if I put the original bullet point lists back in

Unleash Datadog integration takes the following parameters.

> **Datadog Events URL** - This property is optional. The default url is https://api.datadoghq.com/api/v1/events. Needs to be changed if you are not not on the US1 [Datadog site](https://docs.datadoghq.com/getting_started/site/). Possible alternatives:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Datadog Events URL** - This property is optional. The default URL is https://api.datadoghq.com/api/v1/events. Needs to be changed if you are not not on the US1 [Datadog site](https://docs.datadoghq.com/getting_started/site/). Possible alternatives:
```

  - EU: https://app.datadoghq.eu/api/v1/events
  - US1: https://app.datadoghq.com/api/v1/events
  - US3: https://us3.datadoghq.com/api/v1/events
  - US1-FED: https://app.ddog-gov.com/api/v1/events

**Datadog API key** - This is a required property. The API key to use to authenticate with Datadog.

> **Datadog Source Type Name** - This property is optional. Sets source_type_name parameter to be included in Datadog events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Datadog Source Type Name** - This property is optional. Sets `source_type_name` parameter to be included in Datadog events.
```

**Extra HTTP Headers** This property is optional. Used to set the additional headers when unleash communicates with Datadog.

> **Body template** This property is optional. Used to override the body template used by Unleash when performing the HTTP POST. You may format you message using a [Mustache template](https://mustache.github.io). You will have the [Unleash event format](/reference/api/legacy/unleash/admin/events) available in the rendering context.

Reviewer: Any reason why these items are no longer a list?

Author: It looked weird in the preview and wasn't used in the reference doc I used, but I should obviously have looked at all of them so I'll change it back

> **Body template** This property is optional. Used to override the body template used by Unleash when performing the HTTP POST. You may format you message using a [Mustache template](https://mustache.github.io). You will have the [Unleash event format](/reference/api/legacy/unleash/admin/events) available in the rendering context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Body template** - This property is optional. Used to override the body template used by Unleash when performing the HTTP POST. You may format you message using a [Mustache template](https://mustache.github.io). You will have the [Unleash event format](/reference/api/legacy/unleash/admin/events) available in the rendering context.
```

Author: Thank you! omission on my part!

Example:

```mustache
{
  "event": "{{event.type}}",
  "createdBy": "{{event.createdBy}}",
  "featureToggle": "{{event.data.name}}",
  "timestamp": "{{event.data.createdAt}}"
}
```

> If you don't specify anything Unleash will send a formatted markdown body.

Reviewer: Does it make sense to add an example here?

Author: absolutely!

- feature-stale-off
- feature-environment-enabled
- feature-environment-disabled
- feature-variants-updated
- feature-potentially-stale-on

> *) Deprecated, and will not be used after transition to environments in Unleash v4.3

#### Parameters {#parameters}

Unleash Datadog integration takes the following parameters.

> - **Datadog Events URL** - This property is optional. The default URL is https://api.datadoghq.com/api/v1/events. Needs to be changed if you are not not on the US1 [Datadog site](https://docs.datadoghq.com/getting_started/site/). Possible alternatives:

Reviewer 2: Are the only alternatives the ones listed here or could there be other ones too? Maybe something like this?

```suggestion
- **Datadog Events URL** - This property is optional. The default URL is https://api.datadoghq.com/api/v1/events. If you are not not using the US1 [Datadog site](https://docs.datadoghq.com/getting_started/site/), you'll need to change this. Some instances and their URLs are:
```

  - EU: https://app.datadoghq.eu/api/v1/events
  - US1: https://app.datadoghq.com/api/v1/events
  - US3: https://us3.datadoghq.com/api/v1/events
  - US1-FED: https://app.ddog-gov.com/api/v1/events

- **Datadog API key** - This is a required property. The API key to use to authenticate with Datadog.

- **Datadog Source Type Name** - This property is optional. Sets `source_type_name` parameter to be included in Datadog events.

- **Extra HTTP Headers** - This property is optional. Used to set the additional headers when Unleash communicates with Datadog.

Example:

```json
{

>   "ISTIO_USER_KEY": "hunter2",

Reviewer 2: Does it make sense to send an istio user key to datadog? Maybe we have a more relevant http header to show?

Reviewer: Fair. Made this more generic, both in the field placeholder and the example in the docs: https://github.com/Unleash/unleash/pull/4802/commits/afed94f69b2220d3e2101c2865441f9b5dbcf31f

  "SOME_OTHER_CUSTOM_HTTP_HEADER": "SOMEVALUE",
}
```

> - **Body template** - This property will be introduced as `beta` in `5.5` and is expected to enter `GA` in `5.6`. It is optional. Used to override the body template used by Unleash when performing the HTTP POST. You may format you message using a [Mustache template](https://mustache.github.io). You will have the [Unleash event format](/reference/api/legacy/unleash/admin/events) available in the rendering context.

Reviewer 2: Suggestion: combination of moving availability and some slight rewording.

But what is the "unleash event format"? What are you linking to that page of the docs for? If you're looking for information on event shapes, they're on [`/reference/event-types`](https://docs.getunleash.io/reference/event-types) instead. I don't think I quite understand what you're saying. Is it that you'll have the event's properties available? In that case, maybe something like this?

```suggestion
- **Body template** - This is in optional property. The template is used to override the body template used by Unleash when performing the HTTP POST. You can format your message using a [Mustache template](https://mustache.github.io). Refer to the [Unleash event types](/reference/event-types) reference to find out which event properties you have access to in the template.
- ```

Reviewer: Agreed. I think this was simply a copy-paste from `webhook.md`, so maybe we should update that one as well at some point. Addressed in https://github.com/Unleash/unleash/pull/4802/commits/a77a3698518082dc51032194bc28b89d4b60e5dc

Example:

```mustache
{
  "event": "{{event.type}}",
  "createdBy": "{{event.createdBy}}",
  "featureToggle": "{{event.data.name}}",
  "timestamp": "{{event.data.createdAt}}"
}
```

If you don't specify anything Unleash will send a formatted markdown body.

Example:

```markdown
username created feature toggle (featurename)[http://your.url/projects/projectname/features/featurename] in project *projectname*

> ```

Reviewer 2: I think the availability not can go down here to call it out. We can also say that it's currently under development and expected to go out in the next few releases, but I think this is fine.

```suggestion
```

:::info Body template availability

The body template property will be introduced as a beta feature in Unleash 5.5 and is expected to be made generally available in Unleash 5.6.

:::
```

Reviewer: I'm a bit confused by this comment but I think I understand the core concern of having the availability displayed as usual. Tried addressing it here: https://github.com/Unleash/unleash/pull/4802/commits/fdcc22a0c8bd170c75cc9277e4c772f9503d5745

Reviewer 2: You got it! Looks great 😄
